# Constraints

This is a python repository for exploring a constraint base class and different constraints.

A constraint is a condition that must be satisfied in order for the contraint to validate as True.

What we are trying to solve:

We have a system, e.g. a satellite, which has a certain set of systems components. Each component has a set of attributes that can be in different states. These states can be discrete (on, off, mode1, mode2, ...) or continuous (temperature, voltage, ...).

We want to be able to define a set of constraints that must be satisfied by the system. Each mode can have different constraints. We also want to be able to define a set of constraints that must be satisfied when a component is in a certain state. These constraints can be used to validate the system.

Example:
Our satellite should point at a certain target (the attitude control system is responsible for this, which has three reaction wheels for fine control and a momentum wheel for momentum dumping). It also has a power system, which is composed of solar panels and batteries. The solar panels can be deployed, folded, etc. The batteries can be in a state of charging, discharging, or full, empty, etc. The solar panels are aligned a certain way, so that the whole satellite has an angle towards the sun for optimal power generation. The total power generated by the solar panels is equal to the sum of the power generated by each solar panel. The total power consumed by the satellite is equal to the sum of the power consumed by each component. The power system is in a state of charging if the total power generated is greater than the total power consumed, and in a state of discharging if the total power generated is less than the total power consumed.


Constraints for Charging Mode:
The solar panels should be deployed.
The total power generated should be greater than the total power consumed.
The batteries should be in a state of charging.
The batteries should have a charge level between 50% and 100%.
The satellite should be pointing towards the sun.


Constraints for data collection mode:
The thermal control system should keep the temperature of the batteries between -10 and 40 degrees Celsius.
The communication system should be able to communicate with the ground station.
The power system should be able to provide power to all components, the draw should not be more than the maximum power draw allowed by the batteries
The batteries should have a charge level between 50% and 100%.
The satellite should be pointing towards the target, the angle deviation should be less than 1 degree.
